Adding instructions for rhea example (#8)
nodeshift-blog-examples/kube-service-bindings-examples: src/rhea/README.md

   cd nodejs-messaging-work-queue/frontend
   ```

1. Deploy with Nodeshift
   ```
   nodeshift --namespace.name=rhea-example --expose
   ```

## Option 2: Deploy Node.js App through the OpenShift UI

1. Switch to developer mode
1. Select +Add from the left sidebar menu
1. click on Import from Git
1. On Git Repo URL set `https://github.com/nodeshift-starters/nodejs-messaging-work-queue.git`
1. Click on show advanced Git options -> Context Dir set `/worker` -> Create
1. Select +Add from the left idebar menu
1. click on Import from Git
1. On Git Repo URL set `https://github.com/nodeshift-starters/nodejs-messaging-work-queue.git`
1. Click on show advanced Git options -> Context Dir set `/frontend` -> Create

## Connect Node.js app with rhea - Binding

At this point you should have frontend, worker and rabbitmq pods deployed as shown on the image below.

![deployed rabbitmq,frontend and worker](./readme-assets/all-apps-deployed.png)

Next step is to exchange credentials between the rabbitmq and the pods for establishing a connection. We will do that by creating a service binding. That way kube-service-bindings will be able to consume the credentials and feed them to rhea client.

> Unfortunately creating service binding is not supported by the topology UI by dragging a line, so in that case we will use the CLI to apply the yaml files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unfortunately creating service binding is not yet supported by the topology UI by dragging a line in this specific case. Instead we will use the CLI to apply the yaml files.
```
